WHAT DOES IT guys and what Mark.
So in this video we're going to be moving on with this header section and we're going to make it look
amazing.
So now you can see that this is looking normal.
Kate I want to make it look amazing.
OK so for just click the tray here and see how this is looking so I need a background image that suits
my background and I need an overlay.
I want to make that a major parallax and I'm going to show you how this is going to look.
So the free web site that we're going to be using in this course this has free licensed images make
sure that you check out this website.
This is on Splash dot com.
Do not use the copyrighted images Otherwise your web site is going to be banned from Google so do not
use that.
OK.
We're going to be using an image that suits my profession so I'm going to be choosing the category of
computer.
So it's going to show me all the pictures that has computer related stuff.
OK here we go.
Here we go.
So there are so crate images I just don't know what to make.
I should go for so
I taking this image.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this and I want to just download it.
So it is downloading for free.
So I'm just going to read this and see that it has been downloaded.
OK so after downloading what you have to do is that you need to resize it.
So what are you going to do.
You just need to open up the Adobe Photoshop or you can go with any of the editor that you use but make
sure to resize it and make it a bit smaller.
So I'm going to go to the it'll be photoshop.
I'm going to open this up and let's resize it.
Basically I want to resize it to the resolution of one to 2 year old by 720 so that it looks great.
K.
this is right here.
I'm going to open a new file.
It's going to be 1 2 0 by 720.
OK let's just open it up and it should be right here.
I'm going to drag it and drop it here.
So here we go.
This image is right here.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit enter and now
let's just change let's just create it
call I'm going to save it right now.
Let's just come here to Deathstar and I'm going to save it as the JPAC file.
So there you go.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save and it's going to be safe right now.
OK.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here to the elementary page.
And I want to make this backdrop not this video.
So this is the column I can assign the background to this column.
I can assign the background to this heading file where I can assign the background to this whole section
right here.
So it totally depends if you want to assign the Bactrim here if you want to change about from here or
if you want to assign the background to this action by applying to this whole section will look great
to make sure that you come here and you just hit EDID section to this Holberg planes comes.
OK.
You have to go to the style have to come here and say is the color OK.
You just have to just come here and it is the image right here.
I'm going to upload an image right here.
OK.
I'm going to go hit I'm going to upload a file.
And it was under the desk top and its name is this.
So I'm going to upload it right now.
And this image should be uploaded after it is uploaded.
I'm going to hit insert media.
So here we go.
He can see that this image is just coming right here.
OK.
And now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here to position and see attachment so it should be fixed.
OK.
And the repeat should be no repeat say should be covered.
So it is looking great.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go to the layout to this whole
section and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit full it now the it it just come here.
Just come here to night and it should be fit to screen for the screen is very large your show.
I don't think so if I need to make it fit the screen but I think I should be going up at the minimum
height minimum height should be like 500 pixels OK.
500 looks cool.
OK.
And now what I want I need an overlay of this so that it looks great.
I need a blue overlay so that this text is visible so that this image is also visible.
And this text is also visible and I can see that if I move it this image is not moving so these are
the things that you need.
You need to do the attachment to be fixed and the size to be the cover.
Don't just change anything or leave this as default.
OK I'm going to go to the background overlay and I'm going to go to the bathroom.
So it should be classic and the color should be blue.
So I need
the blue one increase it a bit OK.
And it can see how created this looking
go if I just close it right here you're going to see how this is looking.
So this is how my website is looking right now.
And you can and already see that it is looking great.
So this is how you have to do the fun and make sure that you keep it as simple as you can because your
website is another thing.
The main things are the images the images what people see and get attracted to make sure that you choose
the best image from here and your design should be amazing.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to increase this to full and
OK and the opacity should be a bit more
thing.
This is vinyl here.
It's just too weird.
This looks cool as well.
I don't think so.
I think I should be going up in my main team.
That is the blue one.
So here's the
OK.
There's a school.
Now you can see that it is looking great.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to bring this to Center-Right here so you can see that this is the whole column.
This is the whole section.
We have made this section we have given this section a height so you can see that if I just come here
you can see the height is minimum height and the minimum height is set to 500 pixel.
OK.
So you can see that 500 pixel is right here.
And if I choose it to be like the screen then it's going to be fit to my screen too if I just hit this.
Can see that this is now fit to my screen so if you want to make it fit to your screen you can also
go with this but I don't think so.
If it looks created to my website I'm going to I'm just going to go with the minimum height width of
500 pixel.
OK.
And now I'm going to edit this text and I want to align this to center because this is center of a look
much better.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to just come here and see the alignments you have to just click
this and then it's going to appear and you have to just hit center and you can see that this is now
a line to center.
So you can do anything right here if you want to change your phone tray here if you don't think so that
you don't like your font.
If you think so you can change it.
You can change it to anything.
You can change it to anything you like.
OK so now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save and I'm going to
just click here and you can see how my website is looking.
So here should be my picture and here should be the thing that is WordPress developer and I see your
expert.
I can also do a signature or I can add a signature right here.
Here should be my picture.
And then here should be a burden that saves see my services or see my education or something like that
or contact me so you can add a call to action button right here so you can do anything pretty well anything
that would just say OK.
So we're going to learn now in this video what extra things you can do with this elementary plug in.
So now I think that you guys have the confusion clear about this column.
If I just ended this column you can see that this column is being edited.
And I can assign this column anything so I can assign this column a color if I want to assign this column
color I can assign this.
This is how it works.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I don't want to assign this anything right here.
It seemed like this.
I can't assign the section I can assign this text thing so I can also assign the text saying a background
or texture.
So you can also see that it has the text châteaux right here.
If I just come here and I want to just give the text shadow.
So I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to go with the black one and you can see that it has a text
shadow right here.
So the horizontal should be like here and the vertical should be so.
OK.
And if I just click here you can see how this is looking.
So now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hate safe.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video I'm going to show you how can you add an image right here and then do whatever you
want you want to add anything you can do to make sure that you play with the stuff.
OK.
Make sure that you go ahead.
You can play with size you play with vaid you play with transformation the style line high letter spacing
and everything and you guys are going to love it.
So I also like letters spacing pretty well so you can just do the letter spacing as well.
OK.
And if you want to make and make it work.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this in the next video will do the work.
Goodbye.